Adjoint diff now uses adjoint instead of in-place inversion (#2855)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  with many commuting terms.
  [(#2789)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2798)

> * Adjoint differention now uses the adjoint symbolic wrapper instead of in-place inversion.

Author: ```suggestion
* Adjoint differentiation now uses the adjoint symbolic wrapper instead of in-place inversion.
  [(#2855)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2855)
```
